Oh, boy, this is getting exciting.
We're about to do a full circle at Strib and it's going to be amazing.
OK, OK, so first thing's first.
We can input credit card information, we can get the credit card information, we can know whether
it's complete or not.
But what we can't do just yet is request the stripe talk.
Now, how do we go about doing that?
Well, that's a good question.
Well, we we installed the strike client library.
Right?
What I want you to do is I want you to go over here into the striped dashboard and I want you to go
into developer's API keys and I want you to copy the publishable API.
This is a key that we can put in our code, and it is completely fine to put it there because it's publishable
now with this key.
What I want you to do over here into the code, which temporarily put it right here in this little comment.
And what we're going to do is we're going to set up the Strib client.
So we're going to import create stripe.
From Strib client.
Now, by doing this, we're going to have the striped client bootstrap now we're going to say consed
stripe is equal to create stripe.
And we're going to give it this key ready, the one that we just copy.
So let's cut and let's paste it as a string between these brackets.
And by doing that, now we have a fully bootstrapped stripe library that we can create tokens.
Who said coding was hard, so easy.
Just a couple of libraries, just a couple of keys.
We're good.
No, I'm joking.
It becomes more difficult as you go along.
But what we're trying to do here is make things as simple as possible.
So now we have our stripe library and what do we do with it?
Well, that's that's a good question.
What do we do with it?
Stripe has this function, this stripe library, and it's called stripe that create token and what it
takes is a card.
Now, this card is an object, right, const card, and that is then a prop..
So this is the same as writing card card.
We can just give it card like this.
And so the card needs certain properties in order to go in here.
So what properties might it take?
Well, let's take a look at that.
The first thing that a card will take is something called.
The second thing a card will take is an expiry month, the third thing it will take is an expiry year.
The fourth thing it will take is a CBC.
And the fifth thing it will take is a name, the name of the person.
OK, so the number we already know is a number, you know, that that comes in, right?
The four to four to four two we were filling in the expiry month is along the lines of zero two for
the year.
Twenty four.
And then the CVC is 244.
And the name can be NMO.
OK.
And by doing this, we've now set up card info that we can utilize.
All right.
So if we pass this into here, is this going to return us information?
Well, it can.
First, let's make this function async so that we know that we're going to get information back and
then we'll say const Tolkan or info is equal to a weight because this is a basic function.
This is the same as writing a dot then, right?
This is the exact same thing.
And we use them interchangeably, async weight or using dot, then it's about consistency and sometimes
it's just whatever feels right in the situation, whatever looks right.
To be honest, I lean towards using DOT then, but sometimes I like to use a single word.
It's whatever fits the situation best.
So if we console that log info here.
What will we get back?
Right, because this is where the magic happens.
So if we fill this in and we go ahead and, you know, reload here and we go ahead to our checkout,
start filling in our information for two, four to for two, and you may be asking, well, how do you
know that four two four two four two is the right thing to do?
Well, that's that's a good question.
The way that I know is that this is a predetermined credit card that stripe can give us.
Now it's telling us that there's an incorrect number.
So let's go ahead and look here for two four two four two four two four two four two, four, two,
four, two.
Oh, actually.
As luck may have it, I am filling it in over here in a wrong way.
I didn't fill in the full number.
Of course, I'm filling in statically over here.
So if we go ahead and reload, forgot that I didn't link it right back to my values just yet.
So if we go over here and quickly fill in, for instance, of three, it's going to return.
True.
And over here, you're going to see that this all of this information is static.
Information went over to Stripe, created a token, write an I.D. and is ready to rock and roll.
So there's no address linked this card.
It's linked as a visa from the US.
And the CVC is, of course, unchecked, but.
We're able to create a live payment token with which we can now hit stripe to try to process a simple
payment, right.
Just with this amount of simple information, we've now went full circle on one full paradigm of our
user flow.
We take the credit card info.
We create that striped token.
Now, this isn't usually the way that we set things up, though.
This isn't usually the way that our features are built.
We don't take external libraries and just put them smack dab in the middle of a component.
So let's optimize this a bit and let's do that in the next video.